no son we are enemies and one of us must
die you act as there you have some right
to judge to declare me and mine wrong
for the world and yet everything I've
shown you all that I've said and done
should clearly demonstrate otherwise
we did not harm your people we did not
support the crown we work to see this
land United and at peace under our rule
all would be equal to the Patriots
promise the same
ah yeah they offer freedom the Patriot
leaders do not seek control
there will be no monarch here the people
will have the power as they should
the people never have the power only the
illusion of it and here's the real
secret they don't want it the
responsibility is too great to bear it
is why they're so quick to fall in line
as soon as someone takes charge they
want to be told what to do they yearn
for it let her wonder that since all
mankind was built to serve you will see
so because we are inclined by nature to
be controlled who better than the
Templars it is a poor offer
now you want to know it you want it to
be true
part of me once did as well but it is an
impossible dream
no father you have given up and would
have us all do the same
it is Troost principle and practice are
two very different beasts I see the
world as it is not as I wish it would be
No ha together they will Ford something
new
ha ha better than what came before we
have an opportunity here to break the
cycle
and end this ancient war
I know it which I've told you time and
time again is dangerous there will never
be consensus son amongst those you have
helped to ascend they will each differ
in their views of what it means to be
free the peace you so desperately seek
does not exist